error bars/allow name path                 /.is if      
error bars/draw error bar                  /.code 2 args
error bars/error bar style                 /.code       
error bars/error mark                      /.initial    
error bars/error mark options              /.initial    
error bars                                 /.is family
error bars/x dir              /both        /.code
error bars/x dir                           /.is choice
error bars/x dir              /minus       /.code
error bars/x dir              /none        /.code
error bars/x dir              /plus        /.code
error bars/x explicit                      /.code       
error bars/x explicit relative             /.code       
error bars/x fixed                         /.code       
error bars/x fixed relative                /.code       
error bars/y dir              /both        /.code
error bars/y dir                           /.is choice
error bars/y dir              /minus       /.code
error bars/y dir              /none        /.code
error bars/y dir              /plus        /.code
error bars/y explicit                      /.code       
error bars/y explicit relative             /.code       
error bars/y fixed                         /.code       
error bars/y fixed relative                /.code       
error bars/z dir              /both        /.code
error bars/z dir                           /.is choice
error bars/z dir              /minus       /.code
error bars/z dir              /none        /.code
error bars/z dir              /plus        /.code
error bars/z explicit                      /.code       
error bars/z explicit relative             /.code       
error bars/z fixed                         /.code       
error bars/z fixed relative                /.code       

