colorbar addplot                                    /.initial                
colorbar as legend                                  /.style                  
colorbar as palette                                 /.style                  
colorbar                                            /.default                
colorbar                   /draw                    /.code
colorbar horizontal                                 /.style                  
colorbar                                            /.is if                  
colorbar left                                       /.style                  
colorbar pgfshading                                 /.style                  
colorbar pos*                                       /.initial                
colorbar right                                      /.style                  
colorbar sampled                                    /.default                
colorbar sampled line                               /.default                
colorbar sampled line                               /.style                  
colorbar sampled line style                         /.style                  
colorbar sampled                                    /.style                  
colorbar source                                     /.code                   
colorbar source                                     /.default                
colorbar                   /standalone draw         /.code
colorbar style                                      /.style                  
colorbar to label                                   /.style                  
colorbar to name                                    /.initial                
colorbar                   /width                   /.initial
color of colormap                                   /.code                   
color sequence             /colorspace              /.default
color sequence             /colorspace              /.initial
color sequence             /context message         /.code
color sequence             /context message         /.default
color sequence             /default input colorspace/.default
color sequence             /default input colorspace/.initial
color sequence             /every input component   /.code
color sequence             /reset                   /.style

