colormap access /const               /.code      
colormap access /direct              /.code      
colormap access /extra interval width/.code      
colormap access                      /.is choice
colormap access /map,                
colormap access /map                 /.code      
colormap access /piecewise constant  /.code      
colormap access /piecewise const     /.code      
colormap access /piecewise linear    /.style     
colormap        /blackwhite          /.style     
colormap        /bluered             /.style     
colormap        /bone                /.style     
colormap                             /.code 2 args        
colormap        /cool                /.style     
colormap        /greenyellow         /.style     
colormap        /hot                 /.style     
colormap name                        /.initial   
colormap        /output each nth     /.initial   
colormap        /output format/csv   /.code
colormap        /output format       /.is choice,
colormap        /output format/native/.code
colormap        /redyellow           /.style     
colormap uniform/always              /.code      
colormap uniform/if requested        /.code      
colormap uniform                     /.is choice
colormap        /violet              /.style     
colormap        /viridis high res    /.style     
colormap        /viridis             /.style     

