warning/approx empty range enlarged              /.code args
warning/axis equal incompatible change           /.code
warning/center lines upgrade required            /.code
warning/colorbar CMYK unsupported                /.code
warning/colorbar uninitialised                   /.code
warning/cycle list size limit reached            /.code
warning/dimension too large in ticks             /.code args
warning/empty column name                        /.code 2 args
warning/empty range cleared axis                 /.code
warning/enlargelimits respects figure size failed/.code
warning/gnuplot -V format unknown                /.code
warning/gnuplot -V impossible                    /.code
warning/groupplots/too many plots                /.code 2 args
warning/illegal user argument in log axis        /.code args
warning/imagesc limits incomplete                /.code args
warning/interior colormap inefficient            /.code
warning/linear system singular                   /.code
warning/log basis required                       /.code 2 args
warning/lossy colormap rgb conversion            /.code 2 args
warning/lua colormap unavailable                 /.code
warning/matrix check                             /.code args
warning/matrix delinearize uses sqrt             /.code args
warning/missing near ticklabel at                /.code
warning/no such addplot label                    /.code
warning/no such colorbar to name                 /.code
warning/no such legend to name                   /.code
warning/plot3 graphics compatibility mode        /.code
warning/plot3 graphics too few inner anchors     /.code
warning/plot without coordinates                 /.code
warning/point meta unbounded                     /.code 2 args
warning/scale uniformly unsupported              /.code
warning/scatter classes no such class            /.code
warning/smithchart/no such tick                  /.code 2 args
warning/tick computation failed                  /.code 2 args
warning/ticklabel anchor undetermined            /.code args
warning/too many colormap positions              /.code
warning/unit vector ratio axis undetermined      /.code

